[Music]
[Applause]
sixteen things that can get you into
trouble in foreign countries ignorance
of the law is no excuse do you agree
with this well-known legal principle
most definitely yes but only if it does
not refer to you right we all know
what's acceptable and what's banned in
our home country even though some states
have pretty weird laws but what if we
decide to travel the world jail is the
last place you want to find yourself
while sightseeing in Europe or Asia
do you agree you click the like button
however some of the things you do every
day may be forbidden in other countries
so it's important to study the rules and
culture of the country you are going to
before we made a list of common things
that may land you in jail in some
countries number 16 chewing gum the
streets in Singapore are amazingly clean
and the number of laws concerning this
point helps a lot they have huge fines
for littering spitting and smoking in
public areas and the selling of chewing
gum in the country is banned you can get
a fine for triangle important only
certain chewing gums which are allowed
for medical purposes can be found in
pharmacies number 15
wearing improper clothes if you are
planning a trip to the Middle East and
are packing your best summer clothes not
to get lost among the sheets you might
want to reconsider your choices in many
Muslim countries to not attract unwanted
attention in public places you should
dress modestly especially if you are a
girl clothes should cover the tops of
the arms and legs they should be loose
and underwear should not be visible
Iran and Saudi Arabia demand that women
fully cover their arms and legs and wear
a headscarf in Iran if you don't follow
the dress code
the maximum penalty will be a request to
make it correct but in Saudi Arabia you
may end up in prison
number 14 putting on the heels okay the
Muslim dress code probably makes sense
but this one no high heels in certain
places in Greece what if your heels are
an essential part of you because they
make you look taller and slimmer you
know
well you can't explain that to Greek
gods of archeology in law high heels
damage the stone the priceless sites are
made of the Odeon and Athens is the one
that suffered most by the way you can't
start a picnic there either bringing
food and drinks to the archeological
sites is also been number 13 stopping on
the Autobahn Germany is famous for the
punctuality of its people the beauty of
its castles and nature the diversity of
its beer yeah we should have put that
one first and the quality of its roads
have you ever wondered what makes its
famous highway system called the
Autobahn so quick and safe a spell cast
by Angela Merkel no some pretty rigorous
rules you are not allowed to run out of
gas on the autobahn in Germany you can't
stop there for any other reason either
walking there is also strictly
prohibited for your safety all of these
things will cost you a fine for
endangering yourself and others
nein bitte number 12 flushing the toilet
after 10 p.m.
imagine you are visiting your friends in
Switzerland you had a fancy fondue for
dinner and some good wine it's time to
go to bed and you decide to do one very
natural thing before you do so you're in
the bathroom and suddenly you hear your
Swiss hosts knocking on the door stop
the what it turns out men are not
allowed to urinate in their normal
standing position after 10 p.m.
ladies should not get too excited either
you can't flush the chain at night why
to avoid noise pollution not to
interrupt your neighbors sleep well at
least they have delicious chocolate
there in Switzerland
[Music]
number eleven singing after sunset in
Hawaii life is so good and the views are
so breathtaking you might want to sing
like a bird day and night word to the
wise don't do it there is a law which
bans singing loudly after sunset in
Honolulu sorry but you can say goodbye
to your dreams of a late night karaoke
party by the pool or you could try
whispering I Will Survive something is
telling us at one sound is good though
number 10 cutting down a cactus some
native plants in Arizona USA are
protected under state law if you cut
them down it's considered theft and can
send you to prison for a few years
cactus theft is pretty high and it takes
dozens of years for them to grow so
these measures are necessary to protect
native flora from being destroyed if you
still want to bring home something as a
souvenir from your trip to the Grand
Canyon State try buying fridge magnets
and find some featuring cacti number
nine
swearing some things in Australia might
make you quite emotional imagine you are
walking around and see a giant spider
the first thing that comes to your mind
is probably some four-letter word and
it's not love click like if you agree
well we have news for you you should
greet the spider or whatever else made
you surprised or scared with proper
manners in Queensland Victoria and New
South Wales using offensive language is
a punishable offence in New South Wales
rules are a bit milder
so swearing is forbidden where kids can
hear it like next to a school or some
other public place
also if you prove you had a legit reason
for swearing you might be forgiven in
Queensland and Victoria however you
might end up in jail for six months if
caught red-handed or dirty mouth in this
case we're halfway through the list and
it will only get crazier we promise make
sure to watch it till the end to find
out we're not to kiss your loved one mA
and what can happen to you if you make a
royal joke in Thailand
number eight jogging jogging is healthy
affordable enjoyable and illegal
somewhere in the world jogging in groups
was banned in the East African country
of Burundi based on the argument that
people use the activity as an excuse to
organize uprisings and a cover to plan
subversive activities you can jog alone
but two people constitute a group some
people go to prison for that number
seven borrowing someone's Wi-Fi in
Singapore it is illegal to take
advantage of someone else's kindness to
check in on Facebook and let the world
know you are feeling excited there there
is a whole computer misuse and
cybersecurity act regulating things like
that if you try piggybacking and taking
your neighbor's Wi-Fi free from
passwords you might have to pay a ten
thousand dollar fine or spend up to
three years in jail a local teenager who
was among the first to experience the
power of this law was sentenced to 80
hours of community service and 18 months
probation during which he was not
allowed to use the Internet there is
more than one Starbucks in Singapore and
there's free Wi-Fi there you know what
to do now number six living together
before marriage it takes a while to get
to know someone before you marry them
and living together is a good way to do
it right not in the Middle East the
United Arab Emirates has a strict law to
prevent people from living together
before marriage if you do so the police
may come to your place and put you in
prison and without a marriage
certificate you can't stay in a hotel
room with your partner number five
celebrating Valentine's Day Saudi Arabia
and Pakistan banned their people from
celebrating Valentine's Day because it
is not a Muslim tradition and it focuses
on love that isn't directed toward God
Valentine's Day cards any advertisement
and internet memes are strictly
prohibited in these countries and are
punished with imprisonment rallies again
celebrating Valentine's Day were also
held in four cities in Indonesia
number four public displays of affection
kissing in public can get you in trouble
if you are in Iran the United Arab
Emirates Qatar Pakistan or Oman in these
places it is considered to be a socially
unacceptable behavior and is punished
with fines and imprisonment you should
also avoid displaying affection in India
Indonesia and Thailand
number three eating in public during the
holy month of Ramadan Muslims are not
allowed to eat or drink anything during
daylight hours in the United Arab
Emirates a person who publicly eats or
drinks during the day in Ramadan or
encourages the act of eating or drinking
publicly can face imprisonment or a fine
even if they are not Muslims number 2
insulting the king avoid talking
disrespectfully about the royal family
when you are in Thailand the king is
worshipped there in a way that
Westerners can hardly understand the
definition of an insult is not clear so
even dropping or stepping on the money
with the Kings image on it may send you
to prison number 1 drinking alcohol
alcohol is against the principles of
Islam so before going to any Muslim
countries you should check out the
country's laws in Saudi Arabia it's
banned checking a baggage at the airport
is very strict so that no one can bring
alcohol into the country it's also
impossible to buy it anywhere if you're
caught drinking you will face a
long-term imprisonment
there are also severe restrictions on
consuming alcohol in Iran United Arab
Emirates Kuwait Libya Bangladesh Sudan
Yemen the Maldives and some parts of
India have you been to any countries on
this list was your behavior there decent
or maybe you know some other interesting
laws and restrictions share your
experience with us in the comments make
sure to like this video if it made you
smile at least once
subscribe to our channel life is better
on the bright side